Steinbrenner High School 5575 Lutz Lake Fern Rd Lutz, FL 33558
Our Mission: To create a sound and timely news outlet that adds to the identity and pride of the school it serves, records the history of the school and its people and makes a difference in the quality of life of the students and faculty. The Oracle is dedicated to the belief that a strong school newspaper is essential to a strong community.
We Aim To: • Promote readership of the school’s current events and issues, thereby fostering better awareness of the school by the students and teachers.
• Promote local advertising in the paper, thereby fostering a healthy economic climate.
• Provide a news publication that adheres to high ethical and professional standards (see SPJ Code of Ethics and our Editorial Policy), and focuses primarily on events happening within the circulation area of the newspaper.
• Provide, to the best of our abilities as students, news that is objective, well written, well edited, sensitive, enlightening, and useful.
• Act as an open school forum for opinion and will give high priority to celebrating the achievements of its readers.
• Provide advertisers with a high-readership product, good service, creative advertising layouts, quality printing, and opportunities that make their investments worthwhile.
• Provide a website in addition to the periodic newspaper, that will provide frequent updates and will be a useful electronic source for present news twenty-four seven.
• Provide opinions that, while not necessarily representative of the student body or faculty’s opinion, are never unethical or libelous.
• Above all, provide an interesting and readable news outlet that students look to as the number one source for news related to their school and beyond.
Oracle 2012-13 Staff
Kyle Dunn – Editor in Chief
Brandon Mauriello – News Editor
Samantha Bequer – News Co-Editor
Natalie Barman – Opinion Editor
Rachel Landes - Centerspread Editor
Jake Bittle - Arts and Entertainment Editor
 Zealand Shannon – Sports Editor
Emily Goldbach – Sports Co-Editor 
Gaby Morillo – Photography Editor
Tiffany Napoli – Graphics Department
Mariangley Miyares – Graphics Department
Kiran Shila – Website Editor 
Nataly Capote – Chief Copy Editor
Evyn Moon – Business Manager
Hannah Crosby - Senior Staff Writer
Anthony Armenia - Staff Writer
Alex Troutt - Staff Writer
Gaby Morillo – Staff Writer
Evan Abramson - Staff Writer
James Flaskamp – Adviser
